Added new failure reason for this exception (#40)
TYPO3-Documentation/TYPO3CMS-Exceptions: Documentation/Exceptions/1476107295.rst

When gridelements is enabled in debug mode, this error comes currently
in V10.4.12 - disable the ext, when you are in debug mode and you are
good to go.

> PHP Warning: Undefined array key "hidden" in InlineRecordContainer.php line 599

Reviewer: ```suggestion
PHP Warning: Undefined array key "<field>" in InlineRecordContainer.php
```

===============================================================================

> Using TYPO3 v11 with PHP 8.0 this error occures because of wrong TCA configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using TYPO3v11 with PHP 8.0 this error occurs because of an invalid TCA configuration.
```

Solution
--------

> Check your TCA files, if inside ctrl-Section fields are defined, which aren't defined in columns, e.g. hidden.
> Remove the entry in ctrl section or make clear definition of enabledColumn in column section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Check your TCA configuration, inside the :php:`ctrl` section columns might be referenced which have not been defined in :php:`columns`, e.g. `hidden`.

Remove the offending entry in your :php:`ctrl` section or add the missing column to :php:`columns`.
```
